we work the man oh no this isn't about
the father this is about the son Artemis
Fowl
[Applause]
you've grown strong son and smarter but
I have her imagine them take me with you
you all I have no arty there's just one
very important thing I have to do
[Music]
authorities launched a worldwide manhunt
for the famous collector he is suspected
to have been behind some of the biggest
robberies ever
hello your family has taken something of
great value from us return it to me or I
will destroy everything you yes
anyone's supposed to see this yet
[Music]
your father is in a complicated
profession for years he is protected
powerful secrets that have kept mankind
safe from the dangers of another world
it's time to face your destiny is what
they call great but we are not alone in
this most atoms
NASA talented giant Worf and I'm Holly
short your ally on the other side
it's real
[Music]
alright save my father save the world
Oh see you ready tell them we are deck
let's get ahead on Toomas I'm scared to
death
an Army's coming
we'll see
thank you
I'm the next criminal mastermind
this is what they call greatness I
didn't bring much heart rose anything
else to do cake for the teeth baby
people good to know
you